feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 19 (#60375)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-adjectives-in-conversations/6820aad63cd4d948b6e571a4.md

`Slow down` means to reduce speed, especially in speaking, so listeners can understand better. For example:

`You should slow down during the important parts of the presentation.` – This means speaking more clearly and calmly.

`Get to` means to reach a specific part of a message or task. For example:

`When you get to the main point, make sure to pause.` – This means wait or focus when arriving at that part.

`Sink in` means to gradually become clear or understood. For example:

`It took a moment for the idea to sink in.` – This means someone needed time to fully understand the idea.

# --scene--

```json
{
  "setup": {
    "background": "interview-room3.png",
    "characters": [
      {
        "character": "Alice",
        "position": {
          "x": 50,
          "y": 0,
          "z": 1.4
        },
        "opacity": 0
      }
    ],
    "audio": {
      "filename": "B1_19-2.mp3",
      "startTime": 1,
      "startTimestamp": 99.92,
      "finishTimestamp": 107.3
    }
  },
  "commands": [
    {
      "character": "Alice",
      "opacity": 1,
      "startTime": 0
    },
    {
      "character": "Alice",
      "startTime": 1,
      "finishTime": 8.38,
      "dialogue": {

>         "text": "Just make sure to slow down a bit when you get to "secure, sustainable digital environment" to let those adjectives sink in.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "text": 'Just make sure to slow down a bit when you get to "secure, sustainable digital environment" to let those adjectives sink in.',
```
